Where do you begin an important project, like the story of Josiah, love Jehovah, hate what is bad?
You begin with prayerful consideration.
It's a serious responsibility, part of being loyal to Jehovah and his word.
Therefore, many hours of careful research goes into the first step,
writing a script.
The script is then visualized through a step called storyboarding,
but it's not just the script and storyboarding that requires attention to accuracy.
Costumes must be thoroughly researched so that their components, styles, colors,
and even the types of fabrics appear as historically accurate as possible.
The production must also accurately depict the times being represented
while making the best use of donated funds.
How can this be done?
For the story of Josiah, the solution was to film at Bethel locations.
Such as the studio spaces at Mount Ebo.
Set construction began early in 2018.
The production team designed and built three flexible sets,
so that with easy prop adjustments, they could be in multiple locations.
Even the exterior Jerusalem city scenes were filmed indoors.
Many brothers and sisters from local congregations served as extras for the crowd scenes.
With an eye to biblical and historical accuracy,
the makeup team transformed the actors into characters from King Josiah's time.
There were so many details to get right.
For a large portion of the drama, filming in front of a green screen enabled the visual
effects team to construct accurate environments digitally.
Many layers of character action, called plates, were assembled with digital environments
to produce complex visuals.
For the closing festival scene, which required 14,000 Israelites,
and many sheep, 3D models were made and duplicated to simulate the large crowd.
In July 2018, the production packed up and moved to an outdoor location
at Watchtower Farms in Wauk Hill, New York.
In August, the last scene was filmed back to the Mount Ebo studio.
After 45 days of filming and with over four terabytes of footage captured,
the team had finished production.
The project moved to the editing facilities at Patterson, New York.
But what more could be done so the account betrayed could touch our hearts.
A colorist applied a look to the overall film to enhance the picture's quality and mood.
Additional sound effects, such as footsteps and sound of dry grasping rustled,
or recorded to make the on-screen action more natural and compelling.
Finally, the musical soundtrack was composed, recorded,
and added to the movie to enhance the appeal to our hearts.
The work on the story of Josiah loved Jehovah,
Heatwood is bad, was done to strengthen Jehovah's people worldwide.
You're not alone. Jehovah is with you.
This powerful story also assists parents as they teach their children the power of God's word and promise.
These words that I'm commanding you today must be on your heart.
And you must inculcate them and your sons and speak of them when you sit in your house.
And when you walk on the road and when you lie down and when you get up.
So that it may always go well with you and your sons after you.
Because you are doing what is good and right in the eyes of Jehovah, you are God.
The story of Josiah has proven to be yet another example of how Jehovah continues to provide
a button spiritual food and support for his people worldwide.